What are you doing here?
Of course I'm here to find my wife.
I forgot to introduce myself
I am Su Wanqiu's husband
I call my ex
Former, Xiao Chen
Don't you mind
In a few days.
He will file for divorce with us in late autumn
So it was the ex?
It's okay. I wouldn't mind.
I saw the first glimpse of late autumn
Is late autumn already in love with him?
So let's go back.
Mr. Chen, you are really Liu Xiaoyu's godson
Liu Xiaoyu is more than 30
I see you are in your 40s.
Godfather
What nonsense is Xiao Chen talking about?
Xiao Chen is only 25 years old this year.
Did you use ripening agent?
Stinky beggar, shut up for me
Xiao Chen, please don't mind.
In a few days.
He will immediately disappear completely from late autumn
Mr. Chen, thank you for liking it.
But I'm married and I have a daughter.
Maybe it's not possible.
Depressed, huh?
I heard you are a beggar
Do you think you deserve such an excellent girl?